Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we are going to be doing this lecture is whenever a user clicks on any of this store, we
want to take that user to that seller store where that seller products are going to be displayed.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we have to create a new file for this.
And we are going to create this new file in the minor screen's dietary over a new file.
And we are going to call this file visits on the score store, on the score screen, and then the section
is dot dot and we can just go with the stateless widget, the last widget and visit.
Visit.
Store then screen and over here we need a light and use control and also imports the material that that
package and for now we can get rid of this and for now we can get rid of this side and just have a color.
This is going to be closed side.
Okay.
Is control necessary?
Now, when we click on this, we want to go to the screen.
To do that, we have to head back to the store screen.
And while you can see we are basically returning a container, so we are basically returning a column
widget.
And within the column widget we have a size box and you can see it has the chart of clip rates, then
image the network.
And also we also do have this test widget.
Now what we are going to do is when we click on this.
We want to go to that screen.
Right.
To do that, we have to wrap this column with a button.
Okay.
A light and use control and dots and wrap with widgets.
And we can just wrap this with the gesture detector.
And of course, you could also wrap this with an inkwell.
And since it also has a property known as on tap.
Okay.
And now what we have to do is to say Navigator Dot's push.
And it has a property known as contest and it is also expected in something known as Materia page rules.
So via materia page.
Roots.
The view there is going to take in contests and all we just have to do is to.
How do you change your semicolon over your first?
And we are going to return the visit store screen.
Okay.
And now we have to start.
All three starting.
It's going to take some time to reach that.
Okay.
Take your time to start.
And now we can go check this out.
Okay.
It's going to take us back to the cell login screen and.
Same loss stare at email did calm.
And password B and C and click on log in.
Okay.
And shut up.
Or you can just rename that store and I'm going to click on this.
You can see so close to this new screen called visit store.
Okay.
Now, what we want to do is.
We want to have a harbor of a year where the name of the store is going to be displayed.
To do this, we are going to be using a future view there.
Now head back to your browser and open a new tab.
And over here we are going to search for flow to fire.
Follow the sci fi and click on this firebase dot.
Sorry this aware flutter file view.
Basically the same thing.
And over here, we are going to search for one time, reload one time.
One time.
Read this.
Click on this.
Okay.
Great.
And for this, we are going to be using a future leader.
Right.
You basically know what a future be the doors and you can see to read a collection or documents once.
And hopefully you remember what it does now.
Okay.
And what we have to do is.
We are going to copy from this point of view.
This point and it hands over your rights.
Use concurrency to copy and back to your visa code and we have to get rid of this return.
Right.
And face this.
You can see we have all these errors and it's because we need to import it over here.
We have to allow it and use control and also import that.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
Well, this time around, we want to search the seller's.
We want to fetch data from the seller's collection.
Right, because we want the store name to be displayed over here.
Okay.
To do that, we have to change this name to say.
Seller rights sellers.
I think that is the name of our collection.
Sellers.
Right.
Okay.
And we can also rename this to, say, seller.
Right.
And this is going to be seller.
Right, sailor.
Doc Doc Ock, and this is basically it.
Well, now what we have to do is we are only going to be displaying.
So we go back.
When we click on this, we want to display the store name of that seller over here.
So to do that, we have to pass the seller uid to the screen.
Now, over here we are going to create a finer and we are going to call this maybe.
Seller.
You hide?
Okay.
And now we have to highlight and use control and control and dots create constructor for final fields
and you can see it automatically made this required.
And so wherever we are calling this resistor, we have to pass the value to that.
And you can see why in the stock screen we are calling that screen right visitor visits so screen.
So we have to pass the value to this and for the value.
It's going to be snapshot dot.
That data.
I think we need that in the docs and we want to assess each of them.
By the Indians.
And over here I think we have a field within the products.
Called Seller uid.
Okay.
I think we have that.
Come.
So not products would sell as.
Yeah.
We have the seller's uid seller uid.
Okay.
This is going to be seller.
Make sure you don't have any spelling mistake.
And over here, we need another check.
And hopefully you're not confused if you are.
You can do.
Also, please let me know.
Okay.
It's necessary.
And back to.
The visitor, and we have to get rid of this.
And this is going to be the cellar.
Uid.
It's okay.
We could have said maybe five days.
Right, Firebase.
Does Firebase ODS those comments is that Firebase or that kind of instance?
That comment is definitely, you know, what this is going to do, then maybe that's your ID, right?
What this is what this is going to do is it's going to just get the current logged in user.
So even when you click on order.
On other store.
Your name is going to be displayed there because this will basically get the current logged in user.
So what we are simply doing is we are passing that that seller or the product of that seller to this
screen.
Right.
Okay.
Hopefully understand.
And if you don't, you can please let me know.
Okay.
So this is going to be seller.
Uid.
Right.
Sell your ID, this is basically it and use control and B to make this wide and you can just get rid
of this on used imports.
Okay.
And after successfully retrieving the data and you can see where we have available to store those data.
So via.
I think we've done this from scratch already before we have been able to store the data.
Right.
Okay.
And this is only just a test.
We can return the scaffold.
Scaffold.
And this scaffold is going to have a have an upper harbor.
Okay.
I think we need an additional parenthesis and this is going to be this.
And as you know, the harbor the harbor has a property which you don't know.
Yes.
Known as to bar heights.
And we can set this to under it and not to go see what it does.
Okay.
So we start this.
They can do it again.
You can see now we have the harbor and you can see it's a bit wider because of this two by height.
Okay.
And now we can then have the.
The title of the harbor.
And this is going to be a test that.
And this is going to be data.
Then we want to assess the store name.
You can see what's in this.
We have the store name.
Right.
Okay.
So then.
Use control necessary and you're going to see the wire.
Okay, Mark.
John.
Great.
And we can increase the font size.
By center star and font size.
Since before.
And with.
Frankly.
That board.
So.
Not for style, but fun with.
It was going to be fun with the board.
Okay.
Great.
Is Katrina necessary?
Okay.
Sounds cool.
Cisco, right.
And what we could also do.
Okay.
Sorry, you could also.
Maybe later specs and there's going to be maybe six to spread the letters around.
Okay.
And for the above background color, we can change.
This is a broken color.
This is going to be colors assign.
Okay.
Sounds cool.
And hopefully we don't get confused.
Okay.
I'm going to show you this again.
You can see over here in the store screen what we basically do was to retrieve a.
The seller writes, I remember the seller is referring to the store.
Right.
Okay.
And that was what we basically did over there to retrieve.
So retrieve the cellar.
Right.
Okay, then when we click on this.
We want to go to that silver screen, right?
So what we have to do was to pass the seller uid to that new screen, right.
And to do that, the first step was to create a variable.
Over here creates a finite variable and we make this variable required.
And the reason for this is so whenever we call this this store, we have to pass the value to that variable
called seller uid.
And you can see over here we are simply calling that.
That screen.
Writes Court of Visit Store.
So we have to then pass the value to it and we are basically passing the seller.
UID Right.
Remember I said instead of this?
We could have said, okay, let's just do this.
Firebase Auth.
Dot's insistence that current user ID what this would do is it would get.
Use the comment logged in user and that should be you.
Okay.
Now let's see this.
You can see famous store.
Wherever we go is going to be famous store.
You can see families.
And.
Tim Lester.
So this is what is going to get you.
The COVID lockdown is right, but we do not want that.
So what we have to do was to pass the seller uid to the screen and hopefully you understand this, but
if you don't, you can please do well to let me know.
Okay.
You can say test source in school.
Tester.
Okay.
Now, you can see we have this is loading something.
It looks very weird.
Okay, slow down.
So it's not it's loading, but loading.
Okay.
And this is it over here, right?
So what we can do is we can wrap this with a material which is very similar to that of the scaffold.
Or you can just wrap this with a scaffold like wrap what we did, and we're going to wrap this with
a material.
This would give us a material.
This would give us that white default background.
I think it's okay.
And this test.
We are.
We are going to have a circular progress indicator, not it says secular.
Secular, secular, secular, secular progress indicator.
And we're going to give you a color to this caller's does sign.
Close a sign.
Okay.
And I think we are missing additional and it's unnecessary.
And also what we can then do is we can take this to the center.
Okay.
And.
Back.
Click on this.
Okay.
Sims could.
Right.
And what we are basically saying is if snapshot condition status is equal to dumb.
If he does finish low, then we basically want to retrieve this, right?
Else if it is still low, then we want to return a material.
To have that white background, like I said, is very similar to that of the scaffold, right?
Well, most of the time you would want to use a scaffold in order to have assets in lots of property.
Right.
And we are basically having a child and the center we get to center the Circular Progress Indicator
and we have this color of the sign and hopefully understand this.
And if you don't, you can please do well to let me know.
And I think it's working as expected.
Okay.
Then in the next lecture we are going to display the products of that seller by.